okay so quick news update video for
Naruto Shippuden Ultimate Ninja Storm
for Bandai Namco Games has officially
opened up the main website for the game
they have also given us new information
on the platform's is coming out to
information on gameplay official box
arts and HD screenshots from the
previous scan now before we get into the
screenshots and box arts I want to
quickly talk about the platforms that
this game is going to be on so Bandai
Namco Games community manager on Twitter
tweeted out this naruto storm 4 is
coming to ps4 xbox one and steam in 2015
the best storm yet the storm ends in
2015 so coming from the community
manager he says this is going to be the
last storm game not the last Naruto game
the last storm game so keep that in mind
anyway even with that being said it's
not 100% confirmed that it won't be
coming to the petrie or xbox 360 later
down the road it's just very unlikely
and after you see these screenshots
close-up you'll start to believe why now
for all the fans that only have lashed
in consoles it's best if you were to be
prepared for the worse and only expect
it to come to the ps4 Xbox one and PC
now Bandai Namco Games themself from
Facebook posted a message on their page
also saying the game is coming out for
the ps4 Xbox one and steam in 2015 but
what really caught my attention is when
they said this witness the first
Ultimate Ninja Storm title on the new
generation and playthrough the latest
arc of Naruto Shippuden
storyline with unbelievable graphics and
blisteringly fast gameplay now I don't
know what that sounds like to you but to
me it sounds like the game is going to
look amazing no doubt 1080p of course
but blistering fast gameplay do you know
what that sounds like that sounds that
the games gonna be so smooth and fast
running at 60 frames per second that's
exactly how I saw that quote and it's
not too hard to believe since it's
running on the ps4 Xbox one and PC now
they also showed us the first screenshot
of time-skip Naruto pot free from the
last Naruto the movie so it is confirmed
he will be playable in storm for no
information yet four other times skipped
characters but I will keep you updated
again the graphics looks so amazing it
almost looks like I'm watching v anime
anyway let's move on to the screen
okay now when we last saw this picture
it was very blurry we couldn't see much
but now things are becoming very clear
so firstly it is in fact moderate versus
hashirama
we can also see the ninetails in the
background which I didn't even see
before so the fact that we have so much
detail in this has me really shocked
because it almost looks like I'm looking
at the actual anime you can see the
damage on the clothes the scratches on
their arms
all those little particles surrounding
the tornado it's blowing my mind
seriously if this is in fact game play
this has to be some sort of boss battle
or something in a story mode because to
see the ninetails Kodama in the
background of the stage that's too much
that's that's too good it's too good to
be true and you can really only
appreciate things like this if you
really pay attention if you can't see
how good this really looks there's
something wrong with your eyes and this
is what honestly makes me think that
this is going to be a next-gen game only
it looks like the game was built ground
up using the ps4 and not the last gen
systems now same again for this picture
there are something but I missed out
from the scan because it was so blurry
first off I can see Karuma wrapped
around in motherís Susanoo
so before I didn't even see Karuma in
this picture second of all there is a
50/50 chance of this being free battle
gameplay yeah I know that sounds crazy
and this would be the first time ever
that two huge awakenings like this can
be on the same battlefield at once
before in revolution you can only do one
at a time but now it looks like we're
taking it to the next level still though
all that being said take that with a
grain of salt this just could be story
mode gameplay as I mentioned in my
previous video there's trees on the
ground so I don't know where the
opponent would run if he was a small
character so that's the only thing
that's holding me back from thinking
that's actually free barrel gameplay
still though whichever it is it's going
to be amazing to play anyway that's
pretty much it again the graphics look
amazing if you look carefully around the
edges and where he punches there is so
much small detail I gotta admit it I
gotta hand it to cyberconnect2 for doing
a great job in making this game look
good so that's all for today thank you
guys for watching if you enjoyed this
video be sure to give it a like let me
know what you think in the comments
below
know
Oh storm 4 comes out for the PC Xbox one
ps4 in 2015 are you gonna be picking it
up if so for which console also what do
you think of those 2 gameplay
screenshots do you think that they look
like a good upgrade or do you think they
still are the same as previous gen
consoles oh and for owners that only
have the ps3 and xbox360 will you be
buying a ps4 or an Xbox one or PC to
play this game let me know and if you're
new to my channel feel free to subscribe
for more naruto storm 4 content I'd
really appreciate it visit Chika's
clouds and i'll see you guys next time
my shoe stopping me back